So, if we want to add and run additional
tests, we can go through and add them
further down inside of our promise.
Say, for example, we want to run our
homepage against specifically a mobile
screen size and a desktop screen size.
We can then change our first test to
test against a post and I can find
a blog post, a particular URL of one
of the book posts that I know I have.
And I can then go through and
test specifically a blog post, the
homepage of my blog at a mobile
screen size and the home page of
my blog at a desktop screen size.
Now, if I go through and run these
tests, we should go through and test the
three different pages at the specific
screen size that I've specified.
Now I can see, I have a bunch more
screenshots that have been taken.
I can see the different blog posts
and, the mobile size and if I
open up my results file I can see
inside of my results array I now
have three separate items, one for
each page that have tested against.
This is my blog posts that I've
tested against, this was the
main blog page at mobile size and
then this was it at desktop size.
So it's gone through and run
the tests against the three
different pages that I set.